what's going on guys my name is karma
and today we'll be showing you how to
get a card a katana or a door I forgot
was called enough Skyrim so first thing
you want to do you want to go Riverwood
and you should already have it it's the
second mission in the story the main
quest so you should already have it um
so make sure just to go a river would
look tear right and there's one building
two buildings and then three buildings
on the third building you want to go in
there and it's called a sleeping giant
in open the door and a by the way guys
you if you want to get this katana
katana I believe it's the fourth mission
whether the fourth or fifth mission is
already my main storyline so - I want to
go in here and go in here and then it
should be right here with the orcish
orcish great sword and I have it
equipped so that's why it's not there
and it doesn't come with in enchantment
I enchanted it it has a fire damage with
11 fire damage every time it's hit and
yeah so it should be right here with an
arc is great sword orcish or however you
pronounce that it should be right here
and then I already named it so I forgot
the name of it but I named it katana
Sylar because Sylar is my character's
name and that's also how all Maya all my
arm raised armor of Sylar gloves a Sylar
helmet of salary I forgot to name the
boots toe so they're not
anyways guys so um yeah and it's really
powerful I was using a I was using a war
axe um but just Cortana is way powerful
so I'm using this now and yeah it's
really powerful so um I don't know where
to find any enemies for now so I don't
really I can't show you or demonstrate
how powerful it is and I'm sorry but
yeah I recommend getting it guys it's
really cool and it's worth a lot so yeah
you could sell it if you don't want it
and yes so uh thanks for watching guys
make sure to check out my channel if you
guys enjoyed this video make sure to
leave a rate comment subscribe
my name is karma and as always I'll see
you guys next time